README.md, before:

# Dotfiles

A collection of personal dotfiles crafted by [Remco Stoeten](https://github.com/remcostoeten).

## Overview

These dotfiles provide a highly modular and opinionated approach to my development environment. They are designed to streamline workflows and boost productivity, offering a rich set of customizations for various tools and applications.

What you'll find here:

*   **Modular Configuration:** Organized for easy management and selective application of settings.
*   **Productivity Tooling:** A treasure trove of custom scripts, command-line interface (CLI) tools, and extensions tailored to enhance efficiency.
*   **Workflow Enhancements:** Configurations for various applications to create a cohesive and powerful development experience.
*   **Cross-Platform (where applicable):** Efforts made to ensure compatibility across different operating systems where possible.

Feel free to explore, adapt, and use anything that might be useful for your own setup!

## Getting Started

**TODO: Docs (Roughly)**

As these dotfiles are built in a modular way, you are free to pull any part out and include it in your own dotfiles setup. All scripts and CLI tools should be standalone and non-dependent on other files within this repository, making them easy to integrate individually.

### Installation

To use these dotfiles with Fish shell:

1. **Symlink the Fish configuration:**
   ```bash
   # Backup existing config if it exists
   [ -d ~/.config/fish ] && mv ~/.config/fish ~/.config/fish_backup_$(date +%Y%m%d_%H%M%S)
   
   # Create symlink to dotfiles config
   ln -s "$(pwd)/configs/config.fish" ~/.config/fish/config.fish
   ```

2. **Restart your shell or source the config:**
   ```fish
   exec fish
   ```

Everything should then be ready to go!

Commit message:

feat: implement comprehensive documentation enhancements
🎨 Visual & UX Enhancements:
- Add theme provider with dark/light mode support
- Implement reading progress bar for long content
- Create interactive command palette with Ctrl+K shortcut
- Add platform detection and badges for OS-specific content
- Enhanced global CSS with smooth transitions and improved styling

🔧 Interactive Components:
- Copy-to-clipboard buttons for all code blocks
- Environment detection hooks for platform-specific features
- Keyboard shortcuts system with customizable bindings
- Enhanced MDX components with interactive features

📱 Mobile & Performance:
- PWA manifest for offline documentation access
- Mobile-responsive navigation enhancements
- Performance optimizations with lazy loading
- SEO improvements with comprehensive meta tags

🎯 Advanced Features:
- Smart platform detection and content filtering
- Command palette for quick navigation
- Enhanced scrollbar styling and focus improvements
- Comprehensive shell configuration documentation

📚 Content Enhancements:
- Platform-specific installation instructions
- Interactive code examples with copy functionality
- Enhanced documentation structure with better navigation
- Cross-platform compatibility indicators

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles

This is a work in progress. Containing my  personal dotfiles varying from custom CLI tooling, scripts, helpers, short hands and other optimalizations. Currently runs in Fish.

## Getting Started

**TODO: Docs (Roughly)**

As these dotfiles are built in a modular way, you are free to pull any part out and include it in your own dotfiles setup. All scripts and CLI tools should be standalone and non-dependent on other files within this repository, making them easy to integrate individually.

### Installation

To use these dotfiles with Fish shell:

1. Clone this repo into `~/.config/dotfiles`

2. **Symlink the Fish configuration:**
  
  
```bash
   # Backup existing config if it exists
   [ -d ~/.config/fish ] && mv ~/.config/fish ~/.config/fish_backup_$(date +%Y%m%d_%H%M%S)
   
   # Create symlink to dotfiles config
   ln -s "$(pwd/config.fish" ~/.config/fish/config.fish
   ```

2. **Restart your shell or source the config:**
   ```fish
   exec fish
   ```

Type any of these to view all the power you now ----------
```
dotfiles help
dotfiles -h
dotfiles --h
dotfiles -help
dotfiles --help
`
```
:;q
